1. What is RDD?

->RDD stands for Resilient Distributed Dataset. It is the basic data structure used in Apache
Spark to store and process data. An RDD divides data into multiple partitions and distributes
them across different machines in a cluster. This allows Spark to process large amounts of
data in parallel.
->The term Resilient means that if a machine fails, Spark can recover the lost data
automatically using lineage information.
->Example: If we have a large file containing millions of records, Spark can split it 
into smaller partitions and process them simultaneously on multiple worker nodes using RDDs.

2. What are the Advantages of Using RDD?

RDDs provide several benefits that make distributed data processing efficient.

->Fault Tolerance: Lost data can be recreated automatically if a node fails.
->Parallel Processing: Multiple tasks can run simultaneously on different machines.
->Scalability: Can handle very large datasets distributed across many systems.
->In-Memory Processing: Data can be cached in memory for faster execution.
->Flexibility: Can work with structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data.

Because of these advantages, RDDs are useful for large-scale data processing applications.

3. What is Lazy Evaluation?
Lazy Evaluation is a feature in Spark where transformations are not executed immediately.
Instead, Spark records all the operations and waits until an action is called.
For example, operations like map() and filter() are transformations.
Spark simply remembers these operations without executing them. 
When an action such as collect() or count() is called, Spark executes all the pending transformations together.

This approach helps Spark optimize the execution plan and improve performance by avoiding unnecessary computations.

Example:(python code)
rdd = sc.parallelize([1, 2, 3, 4, 5])

result = rdd.map(lambda x: x * 2)
result = result.filter(lambda x: x > 5)

print(result.collect())

In this example, Spark does not perform the map() and filter() operations immediately.
Execution starts only when collect() is called.

Benefit of Lazy Evaluation: It reduces execution time and improves resource utilization by 
optimizing the sequence of operations before running them.